Manual Alpaca v0.9
by Matt Haines
http:////www.throwinggoodmoney.com

The purpose of this python script is to allow you to enter manual orders using
the Alpaca brokerage. You might use this to trade manually while still fine-
tuning your algo system, or as an emergency if your system breaks down.

To start, you need two files in the same directory as this script. 'keys.csv' 
contains your paper trading keys, while 'live_keys.csv' contains your live
trading keys. Upon launch, the script asks you to choose between 'live' or
paper trading. You must type the whole word 'live' for safety reasons, and
you will be constantly reminded that it's your real account.

You can also enter in a maximum position size. 'MP' will automatically cal-
culate the appropriate number of shares for a 'buy' order. You can ignore this
at start, or override it at ordering time, but it can be useful for speeding
up ordering.

Selling is done through the 'get positions' function (see below)

Buying is done through the 'ticker' function (see below)


Available commands:

H - This help menu

G - Get Positions

This shows your current positions, and allows you to sell them.

T - Get Ticker

This fetches the most recent trade price for the ticker, along with the lot
size and time of execution. You may enter a limit or market order. You can
also specify the "time in force" (just until the end of the day, or until 
canceled).

You must also specify whether the order will be a:
- market order (buy at the current price, subject to price movements)
- limit order (buy it for a set price or lower), or 
- 'opg', which means buy at the open, for the official
opening price. For an opg order, you must enter it no later than 15 min 
before the opening bell.

O - show orders (all)

This shows all orders, open and filled, that were placed after midnight 
NYC time. It is display-only, and returns you to the main menu.

OC - show closed orders

This shows all closed orders that were placed after midnight NYC time.
It is display-only, and returns you to the main menu.

OO - show open orders
This shows all open orders that were placed after midnight NYC time.
You may choose to cancel an open order by entering the index number.

Q - quit

If you have any questions, please contact me through my website:

http://throwinggoodmoney.com/contact-me/
